Level 1 Practice: Generating Data-Dependent Listing Reports

1.Reminder: If you restarted your SAS session, you must submit the libname.sas program in the EMC1V2 folder. 
注意事項 SASセッションを再起動した場合は、EMC1V2フォルダのlibname.sasを提出する必要があります。
Open m105p01.sas from the practices folder. 

The program submits a PROC PRINT step to generate a report for the requested customer type in the mc1.customers table. 
このプログラムは、mc1.customers テーブルで要求された顧客タイプのレポートを生成する PROC PRINT ステップを送信します。

Submit the program and verify that a report listing Gold high activity customers is produced.
プログラムを送信し、アクティビティの高いゴールド顧客をリストしたレポートが作成されることを確認します。

Include the code in a macro named GroupList with two parameters, 
Tab for the input table and Col for the selected column. This macro generalizes the starter program so that 
a PROC PRINT report is generated for each unique value of the specified column.
入力テーブルを表すTabと選択された列を表すColの2つのパラメータを持つGroupListという名前のマクロにコードを含めます。
このマクロは、指定された列の一意の値ごとに PROC PRINT レポートが生成されるように、スターター・プログラムを一般化します。

Use a PROC SQL step to select the distinct uppercase values of the Col parameter. Load the values into 
a numbered series of macro variables starting with Val1. Read the column from the table specified by the Tab parameter.
PROC SQLのステップを使用して、Colパラメータの異なる大文字の値を選択します。その値をVal1から始まる一連のマクロ変数にロードします。
Tabパラメータで指定されたテーブルから列を読み込む。

Add a macro %DO loop to repeat the TITLE statement and PROC PRINT step once for each Valn macro variable created. 
Note: Use the Sqlobs macro variable created automatically by the PROC SQL step to provide the stop value for the loop.
マクロ%DOループを追加して、作成したValnマクロ変数ごとにTITLE文とPROC PRINTステップを1回ずつ繰り返す。
注：PROC SQLステップで自動的に作成されるSqlobsマクロ変数を使用して、ループの停止値を提供する。

Use an indirect macro variable reference to replace GOLD HIGH ACTIVITY with Val1 for 
the first %DO loop iteration, Val2 for the second iteration, and so on.
間接的なマクロ変数の参照を使用して、GOLD HIGH ACTIVITYを最初の%DOループ反復のVal1、2回目の反復のVal2、に置き換えます。

Call the GroupList macro with mc1.customers and Type as the parameter values. Confirm that a separate 
PROC PRINT step is executed for each distinct value of Type.
パラメータ値としてmc1.customersとTypeを指定してGroupListマクロを呼び出す。
Typeの値が異なるごとに、別々のPROC PRINTステップが実行されることを確認します。

Call the GroupList macro with sashelp.cars and DriveTrain as the parameter values.
sashelp.carsとDriveTrainをパラメータ値としてGroupListマクロを呼び出してください。

What is the value of DriveTrain for the first report generated?  
最初に作成されるレポートのDriveTrainの値は何ですか？ 

My answer:Rear

不正解
Solution code:
%macro grouplist(tab,col);
proc sql noprint;
select distinct upcase(&col)
    into :val1-
    from &tab;
quit;

%do i=1 %to &sqlobs;
title "Group: &&val&i";
proc print data=&tab;
    where upcase(&col)="&&val&i";
run;
%end;
%mend grouplist;

%grouplist(sashelp.cars, DriveTrain)



My answer:All
正解

