Deep Learning Models　テスト30 分 

1.
質問 1
Why is the convolutional layer important in convolutional neural networks?
畳み込みニューラルネットワークにおいて、なぜ畳み込み層が重要なのか？
1点

Because a convolutional layer would make the model overfit the training data so that it generalizes better


Because convolutional neural networks are unsupervised deep learning models and therefore, a convolutional layer helps the model better 
fit the data


Because if we do not use a convolutional layer, we will end up with a massive number of parameters that will need to be 
optimized and it will be super computationally expensive
Correct


Because convolutional neural networks take flattened images as input and therefore the convolutional layer helps 
the model regenerate the input images 


None of the above


2.
質問 2
The following is a typical architecture of a convolutional neural network.
以下は、畳み込みニューラルネットワークの典型的なアーキテクチャである。

True

False　correct



3.
質問 3
For unsupervised learning, which of the following deep neural networks would you choose? Select all that apply
教師なし学習では、次のディープニューラルネットワークのうちどれを選ぶか？該当するものを全て選択してください。
1点

Recurrent Neural Networks


Autoencoders　　correct


Long Short Term Memory Networks


Convolutional Neural Netwroks


Restricted Boltzmann Machines　  correct


4.
質問 4
Recurrent Neural Networks are networks with loops, that don't just take a new input at a time, but also take as input the output 
from the data point at the previous instance.
リカレントニューラルネットワークは、ループを持つネットワークで、一度に新しい入力を取るだけでなく、
前のインスタンスのデータポイントからの出力も入力として取ります。

1点

True　  correct


False


5.
質問 5
Which of the following statements is correct?
次の記述のうち、正しいものはどれですか。

1点

A convolutional neural network is an unsupervised neural network model that uses backpropagation by setting the target 
variable to be the same as the input
コンボリューショナルニューラルネットワークは、教師なしニューラルネットワークのモデルであり、
ターゲット変数を入力と同じにすることでバックプロパゲーションを使用する。

An autoencoder is an unsupervised neural network model that uses backpropagation by setting the target variable to be 
the same as the input 
オートエンコーダーは教師なしニューラルネットワークの一つで、目的変数を入力と同じにしてバックプロパゲーショ ンを行うモデルである。
Correct

An autoencoder consists of a series of convolutional, ReLU, and pooling layers, as well as a number of fully connected layers
オートエンコーダーは、一連の畳み込み層、ReLU層、プーリング層、およびいくつかの完全接続層で構成される

Just like conventional neural networks, a convolutional neural network takes (n x 1) vectors as input
従来のニューラルネットワークと同様に、畳み込みニューラルネットワークは（n×1）個のベクトルを入力として受け取る

Recurrent neural networks are best for solving problems related to image recognition, object detection, and other computer vision applications
リカレントニューラルネットワークは、画像認識、物体検出、およびその他のコンピュータビジョンアプリケーションの問題解決に最適です。




