

1.Which types of armed conflict does IHL recognize? 
Select all answers that apply


International armed conflicts


Belligerent occupation 


Non-international armed conflicts



2.An international armed conflict starts from the moment: 



A State uses armed force against another State.


A war is declared by the involved State parties through a formal declaration. 


All the involved State parties recognize the armed conflict.



3.How long is, per definition, an Occupying Power supposed to maintain military control over the occupied territory?


For several decades


Not at all


Temporary 



4.Armed conflicts are seen as non-international in character when they occur:
Select all answers that apply



Solely on the territory of one single State.


Between organized armed groups, without the involvement of a State.


Between a State and organized armed groups.  



5.Additional Protocol II develops and supplements Common Article 3 by: 


Guaranteeing fundamental protection to detainees, the wounded and sick, medical personnel and civilians. 


Prohibiting murder, the taking of hostages and humiliating and degrading treatment.


Providing a minimum level of protection to civilians and others who are not (anymore) taking a direct part in hostilities. 



6.If a foreign State, a so-called third-State, intervenes in a civil war, the conflict can - according to the 
jurisprudence of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia - turn into an international armed conflict 
if the foreign State supports:


The rebels, and exercises “overall control”.


The governmental forces, and exercises “overall control”. 


The rebels, and exercises “effective control”. 


The governmental forces, and exercises “effective control”. 



7.A “spill-over” non-international armed conflict is a third type of armed conflict.


True


False


8.The consequence of the “organisational” and “intensity” requirement for the existence of a non-international armed 
conflict under Common Article 3 is that all situations which fall below this threshold are covered by international 
humanitarian law. 


True


False
