
Animation video Rules of War (in a nutshell) - ICRC
https://youtu.be/HwpzzAefx9M

since the beginning, humans have resorted to violence as a way to settle disagreements. 
Yet through the ages, people from around the world have tried to limit the brutality of war.
人類はその誕生以来、意見の相違を解決するために暴力に頼ってきました。しかし、時代を超えて、世界中の人々が戦争の残虐性を抑えようと努力してきた。
It was this humanitarian spirit that led to the first geneva convention of 1864 and to the birth of modern international humanitarian law.
このような人道的精神が、1864年の最初のジュネーブ条約と現代の国際人道法の誕生につながったのである。

Setting the basic limits on how wars can be fought these universal laws of war protect those not fighting as well as those no longer able to do. 
戦争がどのように行われるかという基本的な制限を定めたこの普遍的戦争法は、もはや戦うことができない人々と同様に、戦っていない人々も保護するものである。

This a distinction must always be made between who or what may be attacked and who or what must be spared and protected.
このように、誰が、あるいは何が攻撃される可能性があるか、誰が、あるいは何を免れ、保護しなければならないか、常に区別されなければならない。

Most importantly civilians can never be targeted to do so is a war crime.
最も重要なことは、民間人を標的にすることは決してあってはならないことであり、そうすることは戦争犯罪である。

When they drove into a village they shouted that they were going to kill everyone.
ある村に車で入ってきたとき、彼らは「みんなを殺す」と叫んだ。

I was so scared. I ran to hide in the bush.
私はとても恐ろしかった。私は茂みに隠れようと走りました。

I heard my mother screaming. 
母親の叫び声が聞こえました。
I thought I would never see her again.
もう二度と会えないと思った
Every possible care must be taken to avoid harming civilians or destroying things essential for their survival.
民間人を傷つけたり、生存に必要なものを壊したりしないよう、最大限の注意を払わなければならない。
They have a right to receive the help they need the conditions prisoners lived in never used to bother 
me people like him were the reason my brother was dead.
彼らは必要な援助を受ける権利があります。囚人の生活環境は、かつて私を悩ませませんでしたが、彼のような人々がいたからこそ、私の兄は死んだのです。

He was the enemy and was nothing to me but then I realized that behind bars he was out of action and no longer a threat to me and my family. 
彼は敵であり、私にとっては何でもない存在でした。しかし、獄中で彼は活動を停止し、私や家族にとっての脅威ではなくなったことに気づきました。

The laws of war prohibit torture and other ill-treatment of detainees whatever their past.
戦争法は、被拘束者に対する拷問やその他の不当な扱いを、その過去がどうであれ禁じている。

They must be given food and water and allowed to communicate with loved ones.
彼らは、食料と水を与えられ、愛する人とのコミュニケーションを許さなければならない。

This preserves their dignity and keeps them alive. 
その結果、患者の尊厳を守り、命をつなぐことができるのです。

Medical workers save lives sometimes in the most dangerous conditions. Fighters from both sides were wounded in a deadly battle. 
医療従事者は、時には最も危険な状況でも命を救います。両陣営の戦闘員が死闘の末に負傷した。

We were taking them to the nearest hospital at the checkpoint. 
私たちは彼らを検問所の一番近い病院に連れて行こうとしました。

A soldier threatened us to treat his men only. We were running out of time and I was afraid that now all of them were going to die.
兵士が、自分の部下しか治療するなと脅してきたのです。私たちには時間がなく、このままでは全員が死んでしまうと思いました。

Medical workers must always be allowed to do their job and the red cross or red crescent must not be attacked. 
医療従事者は常に自分たちの仕事をすることを許されなければならないし、赤十字や赤新月は攻撃されてはならないのです。

The sick or wounded have a right to be cared for regardless of whose side.
病人や負傷者は、誰の側であろうと治療される権利がある。

They're on advances in weapons technology have meant that the rules of war have also had to adapt. 
兵器技術の進歩は、戦争のルールも適応させなければならないことを意味している。

because some weapons and methods of warfare don't distinguish between fighters and civilians.
なぜなら、戦闘員と民間人を区別しない武器や戦法があるからだ。

limits on their use have been agreed in the future wars may be fought with fully autonomous robots.
将来的には、完全に自律したロボットによって戦争が行われるかもしれません。

But will such robots ever have the ability to distinguish between a military target and someone who must never be attacked? 
No matter how sophisticated weapons become it is essential that they are in line with the rules of war.
しかし、そのようなロボットが、軍事目標と攻撃されては困る人物を見分けることができるようになるのだろうか。
どんなに高性能な兵器であっても、戦争のルールに沿ったものであることが重要である。

International humanitarian law is all about making choices that preserve a minimum of human dignity in times of war 
and make sure that living together again is possible once the last bullet has been shot.
国際人道法とは 人間の尊厳が最低限保たれるような 人間の尊厳を最低限保つような 国際人道法は、戦時下において人間の尊厳を最低限維持し、
最後の銃弾が撃ち込まれた後でも、再び共に生きることができるような選択をするためのものです。


